all set now for the million dollar
Pacific classic way they go to the roar
of the Del Mar crowd they all appear to
come away beautifully ap excellent once
the early lead and eight the excellent
crosses over with Hallows Sunday and
second Alberto's Maximus laughs a man
began Buda P from the inside gate going
to take back into fourth though x
squared has taken a stronghold on the
outside he's pulling his way up just in
behind that we have student council his
Boston squad in 75 off the leaders then
it's four feet
or some gem big boosters Sun boaters
second-last eleven off them and the
longshot Saudi humor is last early a
very sensible they say not flying not
calling either AP excellent what did
that lead and he has an easy one just
over a length in front a nose Sunday's
tracking in second lava man's got off
the rail now lava man off the Rio has
moved up to the third just two eggs off
the leader Albertus Maximus inside of
there they followed by student council
and then comes x squared
here's arson squad B niggled out a
little he's 9 lengths off the leaders
fall back to poor feed Oh awesome gem is
a good 14 off them then we come back to
big boosters Sun boat of salty humor as
that it's a strung-out field in the
pacific classic they have a half while
to go 80 excellence on a loose rein be
nice to kick on with it now Hallows
sunday right there ii love a man in the
perfect spot if he's good enough he had
the perfect rope and lava man now goes
to tackle from third
going after the
turn Sunday is taking on with a
that is maximum student counts the
running a huge one on the outside then
we come back to awesome Scot Olson Jim
the others fall fall back one of them
I'll to go student council eyes huge
rival
between horses on the inside hello
Sunday now awesome Janice coming
chocolate
that Kenny's on top buddy
of a classic feel those from Jennifer's
clothes in second hitting hello Sunday
and awesome squad ran on in football I
didn't see that one coming Student
Council when and you're in he can race
in the Breeders Cup Classic if they want
to had raced blast in July a Churchill
Downs it was second and $100,000
claiming race didn't expect to have this
kind of effort today at least by the
players not at all and clearly the
concerns about the the surface the new
synthetic surface and and how that
applied to lava man turned out to be
well-founded as student council just
left lava man for dead at the top of the
lane and how do you figure this stuff
out I mean student council was just sold
by owner will Farish because he was such
an underachiever on the East Coast it
couldn't even win a great three stakes
race he'd run on poly track before back
east and hadn't set the world on fire
now he comes to Southern California and
look what happens